[docs] recommend dev clients in favor of bare workflow (#17885)
expo/expo: docs/pages/expokit/overview.md

title: Overview
---

> > 🚫 ExpoKit is deprecated and is no longer supported after SDK 38. If you need to make customizations to your Expo project, use EAS Build with [custom Dev Clients](../workflow/customizing.md).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 🚫 ExpoKit is deprecated and is no longer supported after SDK 38. If you need to make customizations to your Expo project, use [development builds on EAS Build or use `prebuild` to generate the native projects locally](../workflow/customizing.md).**
```
